{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Intro
\b0\fs24 \
First off, thank you for accepting this challenge.\
\
For the time being, the design stuff will focus simply on Android, we will work on iOS later.\
\
Multiple people will be doing this in unison as a sort of fun competition and the final result will most likely be a compilation of a bunch of different people's work. All work that I use will receive a nice shout-out and you can of course use it for any portfolio stuff etc.\
\
Included in this folder are screenshots of the current screens, many have a slightly similar format for showing data so keep that in mind. Also, I will leave it to you to decide what is part of the design and what is part of the content, but just get a general idea of what the page is trying to tell the user and use that idea as you create the design for the page.\
\
Here are some other things to keep in mind:\
\

\b\fs28 Point of UI/UX Design\

\b0\fs24 The design of the app should be something that looks great, that is a pleasure to interact with, but above all is usable. If buttons or icons aren't a certain size they will be hard to tap, remember that people will be poking the screen, therefore things should be easy to use, obvious, and straight forward.\
\
Don't make the user think, the majority of users (shown by a multitude of usability studies) simply look for the first thing to tap. Users should be treated as idiots, this is the reasoning for minimalism in design, don't confuse the simpletons.\
\

\b\fs28 Attributes of Mobile Design
\b0\fs24 \
The design will inherently be required to work on different screen sizes. Every phone has a slightly different screen and therefore the design may be stretched slightly in one direction or another. Just something to keep in mind, a little bit of fluidity is preferred.\
\

\b\fs28 Files and Format
\b0\fs24 \
Lastly I ask that you try to use vectors if able (think like Adobe Illustrator). If you can't then that's fine, but you are then creating more work for me in the end. Also, I ask that you send in your designs to me (bd1039@nyu.edu) in the project format for the application you used. If you used Photoshop then use .psd, Illustrator then use that format. This is far easier for me to work with then .png or .jpg. \
\
\

\b\fs28 Conclusion
\b0\fs24 \
Finally, good luck and thank you. If you have any questions don't hesitate to email, text, or directly approach me (despite how intimidating I am) and if you have someone in mind that may want to work on this then please send them the same .zip file I sent you.\
\
Lastly, I have no idea when this app will be released on the store, but it will eventually and the design can always be changed after the initial release.\
\
Best,\
Brenton Durkee}